---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "omada_sites Data Source - omada"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches a list of sites. Only the first 1000 sites are returned.
---

# omada_sites (Data Source)

Fetches a list of sites. Only the first 1000 sites are returned.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "omada_sites" "all" {}

output "first_site" {
  value = data.omada_sites.all.sites[0].name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `sites` (Attributes List) The list of site summaries. Up to 1000 will be returned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sites))

<a id="nestedatt--sites"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sites`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Address of the site.
- `latitude` (Number) Latitude of the site. Will be within the range of -90 - 90.
- `longitude` (Number) Longitude of the site. Will be within the range of -180 - 180.
- `name` (String) Name of the site. Will contain 1 to 64 characters.
- `region` (String) The Country/Region of the site. For the possible values of `region`, refer to the abbreviation of the ISO country code; For example, "United States" refers to the United States of America.
- `scenario` (String) Scenario in which the site is deployed. For the values of the scenario of the site, refer to result of the interface for [Get scenario list](https://use1-omada-northbound.tplinkcloud.com/doc.html#/00%20All/Site/getScenarioList).
- `site_id` (String) Site ID
- `site_public_ip` (String) Adopted gateway public IP of the site, only useful for cloud based controllers and remote management local Controllers.
- `support_es` (Boolean) Whether the site supports adopting Agile Series Switches.
- `support_l2` (Boolean) Whether the site supports adopting Non-Agile Series Switches.
- `tag_ids` (List of String) List of site tag ids.
- `time_zone` (String) Time zone of the site. For possible values, refer to section 5.1 of the [Open API Access Guide](https://use1-omada-northbound.tplinkcloud.com/doc.html#/home).
- `type` (Number) Type of the site (0 or 1).
 0 means a Basic site, 1 means a Pro site.
