---
page_title: "omada Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Terraform Provider for managing a TP-Link Omada Software Controller. Supports v5.x and v6.x.
---

# omada Provider

Manage resources for a [TP-Link Omada Software Controller](https://www.tp-link.com/omada-sdn/)

## Authentication

The provider uses the [Client Credentials Mode](https://use1-omada-northbound.tplinkcloud.com/doc.html#/home) Access Process to obtain an access token.
For authentication, the provider requires you to supply the following information;

- Host
- Client ID
- Client Secret
- Controller ID (also referred to as the Omada ID)

For detailed instructions on how to obtain these from your Software Controller, [see here](https://support.omadanetworks.com/uk/document/109315#_Toc212122902).

You may also choose to set these to the following environment variables respectively;

- `OMADA_HOST`
- `OMADA_CLIENT_ID`
- `OMADA_CLIENT_SECRET`
- `OMADA_CONTROLLER_ID`
- `OMADA_TLS_SKIP_VERIFY`

-> If you are self-hosting your Software Controller, the host must be resolvable from wherever your Terraform configuration is deployed. 
For example, in your local network you may set your host to `https://192.168.0.10:8043`. 
You may also need to set `tls_skip_verify` to `true` if your Software Controller has self-signed certificates. However this is not advisable if you will be deploying the configuration to a production environment. 

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    omada = {
      source = "Tohaker/omada"
    }
  }
}

variable "client_secret" {
  type      = string
  sensitive = true
}


provider "omada" {
  # Your software controller is hosted in the US region
  host          = "https://use1-omada-cloud.tplinkcloud.com"
  controller_id = "example-controller-id"
  client_id     = "example-client-id"

  # Alternatively, omit this field and supply it securely 
  # with the OMADA_CLIENT_SECRET environment variable
  client_secret = var.client_secret

  # Explicitly set the TLS verification setting
  tls_skip_verify = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `client_id` (String) Client ID for the Omada Controller Application. May also be provided via `OMADA_CLIENT_ID` environment variable.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client Secret for the Omada Controller Application. May also be provided via `OMADA_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.
- `controller_id` (String) Unique ID assigned to the Omada Controller. May also be provided via `OMADA_CONTROLLER_ID` environment variable.
- `host` (String) URI for the Omada Controller API. May also be provided via `OMADA_HOST` environment variable.
- `tls_skip_verify` (Boolean) When set to true, accepts any certificate presented by the server and any host name in that certificate.
				**It is unadvisable to use this in a production environment, as it makes the provider susceptible to man-in-the-middle attacks.**