---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "omada_site Resource - omada"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a site.
---

# omada_site (Resource)

Manages a site.

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "site_password" {
  type = string
}

resource "omada_site" "example" {
  name      = "Example"
  region    = "United Kingdom"
  time_zone = "Europe/London"
  scenario  = "Home"

  device_account_setting = {
    username = "admin"
    password = var.site_password
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_account_setting` (Attributes) Login information for devices. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_account_setting))
- `name` (String) Name of the site should contain 1 to 64 characters.
- `region` (String) Country/Region of the site; For the values of region, refer to the abbreviation of the ISO country code; For example, you need to input "United States" for the United States of America.
- `scenario` (String) For the values of the scenario of the site, refer to result of the interface for Get scenario list.
- `time_zone` (String) For the values of the timezone of the site, refer to section 5.1 of the [Open API Access Guide](https://use1-omada-northbound.tplinkcloud.com/doc.html#/home).

### Optional

- `address` (String) Address of the site.
- `latitude` (Number) Latitude of the site should be within the range of -90 - 90.
- `longitude` (Number) Longitude of the site should be within the range of -180 - 180.
- `support_es` (Boolean) Whether the site supports adopting Agile Series Switches.
- `support_l2` (Boolean) Whether the site supports adopting Non-Agile Series Switches.
- `tag_ids` (List of String) Site tag ID
- `type` (Number) Type of the site should be 0 or 1, and 0 means basic site, 1 means pro site.

### Read-Only

- `site_id` (String) Site ID

<a id="nestedatt--device_account_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_account_setting`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Device account parameter [password] should contain 10 to 64 ASCII characters. And passwords must be a combination of uppercase letters, lowercase letters, numbers, and special symbols. Symbols such as ! # $ % & * @ ^ are supported.
The password should not contain consecutive identical characters.
Username and Password should not be the same.
- `username` (String) Device account username should contain 1 to 64 ASCII characters.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Site can be imported by specifying the site ID.
terraform import omada_site.example 1234567890
```
